(Opening Theme Music)
(singer singing in Japanese)
(birds chirping)
(marker squeaking)
-(door creaking)
-Hm?
(door thudding)
(footsteps thudding)
Lord Sixth!
[Kakashi] What?
Are you really
the only one here?
There's no one in the
other rooms either.
Everyone's out investigating
the bomb threat.
[Kakashi] Oh, you mean
that warning letter?
So it wasn't just a
prank of some kind?
We're not sure either, but
we can't just ignore it.
Everyone's focused on that now,
so all other work
has come to a halt.
[Kakashi] What's this?
A complaint about Team 25
from the post office
they were assigned to?
Huh, should I go
and look into this?
You sure that's okay?
I mean, you're the
retired Sixth Hokage!
[Kakashi] I'll
figure something out.
And besides, I have a little
time on my hands right now.
It'll do me some good to
move around, you know?
(energetic electronic music)
(clothes rustling)
All right.
Excuse me?
(rabbit puppet grunting)
[Houki] Hako, what
are you doing?
I told you to clean
up over here first!
Oh yeah.
But, uh-
[Houki] It's a
problem if you don't
do things according to plan!
Hey, Houki, move your
hands, not your lips!
We've still got some packages
that need to be organized!
[Houki] (groaning)
But Hako won't listen!
Renga, it's dangerous to
have them stacked that high!
[Renga] Oh, it's fine!
Oh, oh, oh, whoa!
Oh, oh!
Oh, whoa, oh!
(boxes crashing)
(Houki yelping)
[Houki] You see?
I told you!
You gotta do things my way!
What is going on?
(machinery banging)
How many times does this
make it now, anyway?
The fifth.
[Houki] Hako!
What's that?
[Houki] We're sorry, sir!
Hako, apologize!
I'm sorry, sir.
[Houki] Renga, you too!
Yeah, really sorry, sir.
[Clerk] Seriously,
if you mess up again,
I'm going to have to
ask for different genin
to be assigned here!
(clerk grumbling)
[Houki] Keep your mouth
shut next time, Hako!
But he asked how many
times it's been, didn't he?
[Houki] Aw, man,
that's not the issue!
[Renga] Yeah, well,
it's your fault
for giving us bad directions
in the first place!
[Houki] Huh? My fault?
Look, Houki, I don't
get your orders.
Yeah, the orders that you
give us are frankly just bad,
so we end up doing
things our own way.
[Houki] What do
you mean by that?
The real problem is that
you two don't do things
the way that I tell you to!
[Renga] (groaning)
Fine, whatever!
Houki, you be careful too.
[Houki] Huh, me?
Aw, man!
What the hell?
[Sukea] Hey, you got a minute?
[Houki] Huh?
Hey, aren't you that
guy who was conducting
career interviews during the
Academy graduation exams?
You're that
journalist, Mr. Sukea!
I'm impressed that
you remembered.
[Houki] Oh, yeah, I actually
have a really good memory!
So what are you doing here?
Oh, uh, Lord Hokage just
asked me to take a quick look
to see how Team 25's
doing on their mission.
[Houki] (sighing) Oh, I see.
Anyway, would you mind
talking to me a bit?
(gentle upbeat music)
Thank you for your time.
Uh, you're?
[Houki] Oh, Houki Taketori.
I saw all three of you
guys working back there.
Is that the way that things
usually go with those other two?
[Houki] Uh, yeah.
Hm, well, anyway, you
know, what you're wearing
kinda reminds me
of somebody else.
[Houki] (chuckling)
Is it that obvious?
Ever since I was a kid
and I first saw him,
I've been a big
fan of Lord Sixth!
Was Lord Sixth really so
amazing to merit that?
[Houki] Oh!
A sharp intellect
and calm disposition,
feared by the other Villages,
the one who nurtured Lord
Seventh, who saved the world!
The genius ninja, Lord
Sixth, Kakashi Hatake!
Any way you look at it,
he's the perfect ninja!
I guess that I can't
really complain
about that much praise!
[Houki] Huh? Oh, no, sorry.
I wasn't talking
about you, Mr. Sukea,
I was talking about Lord Sixth!
Uh, oh, right, yes, of course!
[Houki] Someday, I wanna become
a perfect ninja just like him!
Although I guess that's kind of
an overambitious goal for me.
So that's why you're starting
with the way you look?
(Houki chuckling nervously)
Hm, well, if that's
what you want,
then you've gotta
pull your comrades
together on this mission.
[Houki] Huh?
What exactly is
the problem anyway?
[Houki] Uh, well, you see,
we keep on messing up.
So now all that we've been
getting assigned lately
are D-rank missions.
[Sukea] Who's your
jonin in charge?
[Houki] Our jonin got
injured on another mission
and is recuperating for a while.
No one wants to fill in
since our team only
gets D-rank missions,
and the labor shortage
hasn't been helping.
That's why I've taken
charge of the team.
I'm trying my best, but my
team just doesn't get it.
Hako's a kunoichi
who uses puppets,
she always just goes off
and does her own thing.
Renga only believes
in brute strength.
They're both just so selfish!
(footsteps thundering)
[Sukea] Hm?
[Boruto] Hey, quickly,
which packages are scheduled
to be delivered
by two p. m. today?
Uh, wait, who are you guys?
We're here investigating
the bomb threat!
Please help us!
Which packages?
What was that?
Uh, the packages for that
delivery window are over there!
-(footsteps thundering)
-(energetic rock music)
(both grunting)
(Boruto gasping)
(dramatic whooshing)
Found it! That one!
(both gasping)
(timer beeping)
(timer warbling)
(both sighing)
[Houki] Boruto!
(footsteps thundering)
Hey, you're Houki!
-(people chattering worriedly)
-(tense music)
-I'm just not sure.
-I don't know.
(people whispering worriedly)
[Boruto] So are you guys here
investigating the
bomb threat too?
Unfortunately, we aren't.
What's going on?
Nobody told us
about this mission.
Are you saying that a
bomber's been sending
explosive devices
through the mail?
Yes, that's right.
Hey, wait, Mr. Sukea?
[Sukea] Long time no see!
[Houki] Boruto, Sarada,
how did you know
that the bomb was
in that package?
Well-
During the investigation, we
managed to find his hideout.
The perp was using
specific delivery windows
in order to mail
out his time bombs.
Yes, I see.
So that's how he was
planning to set off
his explosive
devices at the times
and locations of
his choosing, huh?
That bomb just now?
It had been programmed to
detonate at one p. m. today.
But how were you guys
even able to tell
which package was the bomb?
At the hideout, we
found wrapping paper
in addition to a note
about the delivery times.
He left behind some
really obvious clues.
So does that mean you captured
the one behind all this?
[Boruto] We almost had
him, but he got away.
Shikadai, Iwabe, and the others
are out pursuing him right now.
[Houki] Iwabe and the others?
[Sarada] Yeah, all the
genin have been mobilized.
[Houki] I see.
Ah ha, so this is where you are!
It seems that we're
done for the day
Is that why you've come?
Hm?
Uh, yes, but how
did you know that?
[Hako] You kept
looking at your watch.
(yelping) Just from that?
You've also been fighting
with your wife, haven't you?
You'd better make up
with her pretty soon
so that you can get that
shirt of yours ironed, sir.
But how? How did
you know all of that?
Uh, anyway, as a precaution,
we've stopped accepting any
more packages for today.
We were supposed
to start processing
the afternoon deliveries but
there's no work left to do now.
(gentle somber music)
[Renga] What about the packages
that we already sorted?
[Clerk] They'll be
delivered like normal.
(sighing) I wish that
we could get back
to business as usual already!
Don't worry, we'll capture
the perp as soon as we can!
So hang tight for a bit, 'kay?
Well, I'm counting on
you to do just that!
Anyway, I'm very grateful
that you've managed
to prevent the perp from
causing any harm so far.
As is to be expected, Leaf
Shinobi are exceptional!
(footsteps thundering)
(Houki sighing)
[Houki] You're okay just
going home like this?
We're the only ones
who were left out
of this whole investigation!
Don't you guys feel frustrated?
I don't think there's
anything we can do.
Well, what do you expect?
We don't know what
we're working toward!
How are we supposed to give
it everything we've got?
[Houki] (groaning) Give up on
yourselves and you're done!
Optimism isn't the answer
to all of our problems!
Forget it, I can't
listen to this.
Bye!
Maybe it'd be best if
we disbanded for now.
(Houki gasping)
(Houki grumbling)
[Houki] Damn it!
Well, that was heated.
I gotta say, genin these
days are quite exceptional.
Huh?
I mean, your former classmates
are currently out there
investigating the bomb
threat, aren't they?
I think that's amazing!
[Houki] Maybe, but I don't
wanna just take a backseat
to Boruto and all of the others.
Well, at the same
time, I have to wonder
why your team wasn't
also assigned to
investigate this case.
Anyway, we're all
useful in our own way.
You guys should just do your
best in missions that suit-
[Houki] I wanna become
a perfect ninja,
just like Lord Sixth!
[Sukea] Hm?
[Houki] But no matter how hard
I try to get them to listen,
Hako and Renga won't do
things the way I want!
Perhaps that's because
you aren't taking
their feelings
into consideration?
[Houki] Huh?
But that's, uh...
I've been thinking
about those two.
Hako's really
pretty interesting.
For example, the way she
figured out that clerk
had a fight with his
wife, just like that!
And the strength that
your other teammate,
Renga, possesses
is extraordinary.
Although, I guess that to you,
it's just the normal
way that things are.
[Houki] Well, sure!
We're on the same
team, after all.
Hako possesses
outstanding perception.
And Renga's not just strong,
he excels at defense too!
[Sukea] Hm, I see.
And is that why those
two were working
the way they were earlier?
[Houki] Huh?
Oh!
(gentle thoughtful music)
Hako anticipated the
deliveryman's thoughts
and reorganized the
packages to reflect that.
Renga was trying to
make up for lost time
by hauling a ridiculous
number of boxes!
Those two ignored my
orders for a reason,
and I was supposed
to be helping them
so they wouldn't
have to do all that.
That was my job!
All I thought about were
my own selfish orders,
I didn't consider
those two at all!
What should I do now?
You said before that
you admire Lord Sixth,
but have you heard this story?
Lord Sixth made
many mistakes too,
and each time he reflected
on them and tried again.
By focusing only on
orders and rules,
he put his comrades in
danger and lost a friend.
He regretted it very much
and wanted to apologize,
but the friend he wanted
to say it to was gone.
If you want to apologize,
then no time like
the present, right?
[Houki] No time like the
present to apologize.
Oh, what am I even
talking about, anyway?
(Sukea chuckling)
By the way, there are a
lot of different kinds
of department store
wrapping paper,
so I wonder how they knew
which package was the bomb.
[Houki] Huh?
Well, I'm pretty
sure the packages
that the department
store wrapped
have the store's sticker on it,
but the wrapping on the package
containing the bomb
didn't have one!
(Houki gasping)
What's wrong?
[Houki] Once I see
something, I never forget it!
(dramatic whooshing)
There were some among
today's packages!
Some of the wrapped packages
didn't have a sticker!
Three of them!
Which means what?
[Houki] I've gotta get
Hako and Renga right away!
-(timer beeping)
-(tense dramatic music)
(timer warbling)
(all grunting)
There was still one left.
After one bomb is found,
everyone lets down their guard,
and security becomes more lax,
and that's just what
the perpetrator wants!
[Houki] That's right, and
he chose a delivery window
set for later than the first
bomb that was discovered,
which means the perp
mailed several bombs
from the very beginning!
Wait, that was the perp's
strategy all along?
[Houki] There should
be one more bomb!
There's a delivery
to the New Town area
scheduled for 1:30 p. m.
Where are the packages
for that delivery?
That batch just went
out a little while ago!
After them, fast!
Just a minute,
it'll be impossible!
Why?
There's no set
order for delivery.
Depending on what
there is to take,
it's the preference
of the postal worker!
So it makes no sense to go
chasing after them blindly.
But we still oughta notify
those shinobi from
earlier, right?
Yes, but there's
just no time left,
the delivery will be
completed within 15 minutes.
This is awful!
[Houki] Please, let us help!
[Sukea] Hm?
Houki, you-
[Houki] If you can see
what we're working toward,
you'll give it your all, right?
Huh?
[Houki] Hako, you're right.
Disbanding for now-
(Hako gasping)
is a good idea.
You got this?
(Houki grunting)
All right, then.
I'll contact the
Hokage's Office,
but the rest is up to you.
[Houki] Right!
Are you sure that they
can actually handle this?
Oh, yes, I'm completely
sure about that.
After all, they're exceptional
Hidden Leaf Shinobi, too.
(pedestrians chattering)
(footsteps thundering)
[Woman] Yes!
Sure, I'll take it.
-Oh, thank you.
-Thank you!
[Houki] There's no time,
so please do exactly
what I tell you!
Hey, hold on!
Are you putting yourself
in charge again?
[Houki] Hako, I want
you to take the lead!
Really? Me?
[Houki] I know that
I'm not very good
at making the most
of your strengths,
but, Hako, with your
outstanding perceptive ability,
you'll figure out our strengths
and how to put them
to their best use!
Look, I say that
we should disband
so that we can start again anew!
All right then!
If you can see what
we're working toward,
then I think I can do my best.
First of all, do you know
who's the one assigned
to make the deliveries
on this route?
[Houki] Don't worry, I have
the schedule memorized!
(energetic rock music)
-Huh?
-Hey there, delivery!
[Man] Oh, thank you!
Thank you very much.
[Houki] There he is, over there!
Thought so.
I figured the first
stop the postal worker
would make would be this one.
Nice, Hako!
I can't believe you
found him just from
his personality and his
behavioral patterns!
[Houki] I'm amazed you analyzed
each postal worker
so thoroughly!
There's just a few of them,
so if I observe them for a day,
it's easy to piece it together.
Just how strong is
your perception?
(Houki grunting)
[Man] What's this about?
[Houki] I'll explain later.
Please give us the package!
-(dramatic whooshing)
-(timer beeping)
We found it.
(timer beeping)
[Houki] This is it.
(timer warbling)
(timer beeping in error)
(all gasping)
(timer beeping)
What now?
Just leave this one to me!
[Houki] Huh?
(footsteps thudding)
(Renga grunting)
[Renga] Houki, the bomb!
(timer beeping)
-(Houki grunting)
-(air whooshing)
(dramatic whooshing)
Quarantine Wall!
(wall clanging)
(timer beeping)
(timer droning)
(explosion booming)
(both grunting)
(all grunting)
(all chuckling)
[Kakashi] Guess there was
nothing to worry about!
[All] Huh? Oh!
[Houki] (gasping) Lord Sixth?
Why're you here?
(air whooshing)
[Kakashi] Sukea contacted
me and I rushed over here,
but, uh, is everything
okay with you guys?
[Houki] Uh, yes, sir!
We worked together and managed
to pull it off somehow!
Renga's defense is the
best in all the Leaf!
Well, we just received word
that the one behind the
bombs has been captured.
But anyway, switching
the leader of your team
was a rather drastic course
of action, don't you think?
[Houki] After I heard Mr.
Sukea's story about Lord Sixth,
I gave some serious thought
to each one of my teammates,
and that made me
realize something.
Hako, Renga?
-I'm sorry.
-(Hako and Renga gasping)
For a while now,
I've blamed you two
when things didn't go right,
but it was really my fault.
Listen, forget about all that!
I was wrong, too.
I'm sorry!
[Houki] Renga!
I'm sorry, too.
I left everything
up to you, Houki,
just because that
made it easier for me.
I'm really sorry!
[Houki] Oh, Hako!
Well, we may not get any
missions higher than D-rank,
but even if that's the case,
let's just keep
on doing our best!
[Hako And Renga] Yeah!
(bright upbeat music)
On the recommendation
of the Sixth Hokage,
Mr. Kakashi Hatake, Team
25 will be under my command
from this day forward.
Hako Kuroi with your
powers of perception,
Renga Kokubou with your
defensive abilities,
and Houki Taketori with
your photographic memory,
you three are perfect
for intel missions.
I'm eager to work with you!
[Houki, Hako, And
Renga] Yes, sir!
(all laughing)
(Closing Theme Music)
(singer singing in Japanese)
(gentle music)
[Konohamaru]
Romance? (chuckling)
If you have the time
for stuff like that,
you have time to go train!
[Boruto] Aren't you interested
in things like
that, Big Brother?
(Konohamaru laughing)
[Konohamaru] The only girlfriend
I have is my Ninja Way!
My goal is to become the Hokage,
I can't let things like
romantic relationships
get in the way of my focus!
[Boruto] Next time on "Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations",
"Konohamaru and Remon"!
Big Brother, that
is just so uncool!
(Closing Theme Music)